New Intel PowerStat input plugin (#8488)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/inputs/intel_powerstat/README.md

to take preventive/corrective actions based on platform busyness, CPU temperature, actual CPU utilization 
and power statistics. Main use cases are power saving and workload migration.

Intel PowerStat plugin supports Intel based platforms and assumes presence of Linux based OS.

### Configuration:
```toml
# Intel PowerStat plugin enables monitoring of platform metrics (power, TDP) and per-CPU metrics like temperature, power and utilization.
[[inputs.intel_powerstat]]
  ## All global metrics are always collected by Intel PowerStat plugin.
  ## User can choose which per-CPU metrics are monitored by the plugin in cpu_metrics array.
  ## Empty array means no per-CPU specific metrics will be collected by the plugin - in this case only platform level
  ## telemetry will be exposed by Intel PowerStat plugin.
  ## Supported options:
  ## "cpu_frequency", "cpu_c1_state_residency", "cpu_c6_state_residency", "cpu_busy_cycles", "cpu_temperature", "cpu_busy_frequency"
  # cpu_metrics = []
```
### Example: Configuration with no per-CPU telemetry
This configuration allows getting global metrics (processor package specific), no per-CPU metrics are collected:
```toml
[[inputs.intel_powerstat]]

>   cpu_metrics = []

Reviewer: This can also be removed, can't it?

Reviewer 2: Yes, that's right. But it shows explicitly what is the result of putting empty array in config. Is that bad?

Reviewer: No it's ok, but it suggests you need to specify it to be empty. Fine if you want to keep it if you want to make it explicit.

Reviewer 2: It will be exactly the same behavior if we do not specify this empty array - no per-CPU metrics gathered. 
As guided here: https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/wiki/Review#configuration: `have one # for defaults, which should always match the default value of the plugin` :)

Reviewer 2: Example without array also added to `README.md`

```

### Example: Configuration for CPU Temperature and Frequency only
This configuration allows getting global metrics plus subset of per-CPU metrics (CPU Temperature and Current Frequency):
```toml
[[inputs.intel_powerstat]]
  cpu_metrics = ["cpu_frequency", "cpu_temperature"]
```

### Example: Configuration with all available metrics
This configuration allows getting global metrics and all per-CPU metrics:
```toml
[[inputs.intel_powerstat]]
  cpu_metrics = ["cpu_frequency", "cpu_c1_state_residency", "cpu_c6_state_residency", "cpu_busy_cycles", "cpu_temperature", "cpu_busy_frequency"]
```

### SW Dependencies:
Plugin is based on Linux Kernel modules that expose specific metrics over `sysfs` or `devfs`.
The following dependencies are expected by plugin:
- _intel-rapl_ module which exposes Intel Runtime Power Limiting metrics over `sysfs` (`/sys/devices/virtual/powercap/intel-rapl`)
Minimum kernel version required is 3.13 (to make sure RAPL driver is included in current distro),

> - _msr_ kernel module that provides access to processor model specific registers from user space, 

Reviewer: Can you also provide a vanilla kernel version here?

Reviewer 2: It's really hard to find exact version :D For sure _msr_ kernel module worked for 2.6 (~15 years ago), maybe even for earlier versions.
But you need at least 3.1 to run Go application for Linux (and this plugin aims only for Linux): https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/MinimumRequirements
So I would say: "If you can run Telegraf on Linux, you should have access to _msr_ kernel module" and I would not write anything here in README.

Reviewer: Would be fine if you put "3.1 maybe earlier". People < 3.1 then know it might or might not work. It's about the "no worries it will work anyway" portion of ppl. It's just you put a version on any other module... I'd like to see the "first-to-be-sure" version here if it exists.

Reviewer 2: Section restructured, "first-to-be-sure" version added (globally, for types of metrics)

- _cpufreq_ kernel module - which exposes per-CPU Frequency over `sysfs`. Since kernel 3.4 the necessary modules are 
loaded automatically and the recommended on demand governor is enabled by default.

Please make sure that kernel modules are loaded and running. You might have to manually enable them by using `modprobe`.

> Plugin requires root access to read MSR files. 

Reviewer: This mean the whole telegraf needs to run as root right? Ouch! Maybe make it a bold hint!

Reviewer 2: Yep, it should be bolded.

Reviewer 3: On my machine everything in /sys/devices/virtual/powercap/intel-rapl is world readable.  I think this means the plugin would work without root access.  I'd be surprised if other linux distributions had different permissions.

A quick search of similar tools also seems to imply root access isn't needed. e.g. http://web.eece.maine.edu/~vweaver/projects/rapl/

I'd strongly prefer not to encourage users to run telegraf as root, especially if it's not necessary.  What exactly needs root access?  Does the plugin write to files in sysfs to configure RAPL?

Reviewer 4: @reimda 
You're right - to read `/sys/devices/virtual/powercap/intel-rapl` you don't need root access (probably on every distro).

But here is written: `Plugin requires root access to read MSR files.` which are located here: `/dev/cpu/%s/msr` (`%s` for logical cpu core). And this is the character device file to which you need the root access (no workarounds for that :()

We will try change README here to show what can be read without root and for which metrics root is required.

(and no, plugin does not write to any file)

Reviewer 2: @srebhan corrected.
@reimda I found out that on some environments (OS/conf) meaningful files under `/sys/devices/virtual/powercap/intel-rapl` (text files, not directories) need root access and on some they don't. Section restructured.

```

### Example: Configuration with all available metrics
This configuration allows getting global metrics and all per-CPU metrics:
```toml
[[inputs.intel_powerstat]]
  cpu_metrics = ["cpu_frequency", "cpu_busy_frequency", "cpu_temperature", "cpu_c1_state_residency", "cpu_c6_state_residency", "cpu_busy_cycles"]
```

### SW Dependencies:
Plugin is based on Linux Kernel modules that expose specific metrics over `sysfs` or `devfs` interfaces.
The following dependencies are expected by plugin:
- _intel-rapl_ module which exposes Intel Runtime Power Limiting metrics over `sysfs` (`/sys/devices/virtual/powercap/intel-rapl`),
- _msr_ kernel module that provides access to processor model specific registers over `devfs` (`/dev/cpu/cpu%d/msr`),
- _cpufreq_ kernel module - which exposes per-CPU Frequency over `sysfs` (`/sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu%d/cpufreq/scaling_cur_freq`). 

Minimum kernel version required is 3.13 to satisfy all requirements.

Please make sure that kernel modules are loaded and running. You might have to manually enable them by using `modprobe`.
Exact commands to be executed are:
```
sudo modprobe cpufreq-stats
sudo modprobe msr
sudo modprobe intel_rapl
```

> **Telegraf with Intel PowerStat plugin enabled requires root access to read model specific registers (MSRs)** 

Reviewer 3: I don't think root is required even for MSRs.
```suggestion
**Telegraf with Intel PowerStat plugin enabled may require root access to read model specific registers (MSRs)** 
```
